doc: updated diagram on tesseract interfaces (#150)
pasteurlabs/tesseract-core: docs/index.md

Every Tesseract has a single entrypoint, `apply`, which wraps a software functionality of the tesseractor's choice. All other [endpoints](content/api/endpoints.md) that a Tesseract exposes are in relation to this entrypoint. For example, `input_schema` returns its input types, `jacobian` its derivative, ...

> There are several ways inwhich users interact with Tesseracts, for example:

Reviewer: Missing space
```suggestion
There are several ways in which users interact with Tesseracts, for example:
```
